This SDK was the the foundation of this project being succesfull.

Extensive amounts of time were spent learning and reverse engineering aspects of this SDK where the included Documentation often fell short.

Inital plan on investigation:
Using the msg types from Ros-to-real package provided by unitree for running the go1 in a simulator I was going to map all the msg types to
 publishers and subscribers of various topics.

While finishing the highcmd msgs i discovered an issue where I could not get the data out as a result of rviz not understanding the customer msg types.
As being able to use RVIZ was a key goal of this project. I had two options to fix.

1. Create a RVIZ mapping node.
  This would be a node running to simply subscribe to the msg types and publish the data we want to the sensor_msgs package.
  This came at the cost of repeating the process of mapping msg A to msg B which was done for the SDK's once they started talking.


2. remap the msgs to the sensor_msgs.
  This would be a tedius process but. One that would just make it work.
  This would come at the cost of completely removing backwards compatibility with the ros-to-real package, though they had already been modified due to ROS2 formatting rules.


My choice was option 2. Just seemed like less of a headache. and would ensure RVIZ worked natively.
It would also make it easier for ROS2 developers to just pick up and use. as sensor_msgs is a standard package that is part of ROS2.

Looking back. I wish I had looked more at RVIZ during the design and planning phase.



UDP Connections:
I had originally though about using two seperate UDP connections for reciveing and sending data. (thinking about resouce management)
(In hindsight, this was a little stupid considering each conneciton would be sending and reciving anyway.)

But i had discovered a quirk with the SDK. And UDP protocol.
In the use of the SDK i found i must send data before reciving data. I couldnt just run send once either. thinking this was just needed to set up the connection. Odd.. but out of scope to investigate and fix.
Alongside this I couldnt run more than one UDP connection to the pi at once. As the newest connection would highjack the previous connection. though wouldnt crash. I only was able to notice this when i spotted the sensor data was not updating when i pressed on the foot sensors or walked around.
This would be a problem if the safetys were running on data thinking the battery is at 90% when actually its at 1% while running.